Come here, come here, martial arts secret blind box, everything, what's with Hua Shan Emei Wu Dang?
Buy as you please, take as you please.
All.
Do you want it? How many do you need?
I am three people short of collecting the secrets of the eight great sects.
you are so lucky
This blind box costs 10 taels of silver.
If not, you cut me with a knife.
It could be cheaper.
I can't do anything.
Are you my brother?
If we are brothers, then kill me.
My hands are all chopped off, you can't get them for free.
Give up.
Sect Master Chu, our Emei disciples were all captured in a brothel by that woman, Bach Tam Lan.
Then quickly take the money earned from the secret martial arts to save them.
The leadership position of Chu is no longer needed.
If Bai came first to let you spend money to ransom someone, that person is a disciple of Nga Mi.
If I ignore them
I would rather not do this leadership.
Don't be a leader.
My life is still in your hands.
Come on, I'll take you to see what's going on.
Wait for me to come back, you see.
Why did Vice President Bach take us to the brothel?
Make money, but you rest assured.
You guys just sell art.
Don't sell yourself, Sect Leader Haha
White boss.
She had to tell them she had sold them to a brothel and left.
Afraid of what? Before coming here.
I gave them medicine.
Now their internal strength is gone.
Moreover, isn't this deed of sale all in your hands?
Haha, if President Bach says so, I will be at ease.
Remaining.
I train them well.
What about salty valve? Salty valve?
You wouldn't want to go through the sale of martial arts secrets.
Go beat the old lady.